<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Custom DNS Suffix Configuration

This submodule manages the custom DNS suffix configuration for an App Service Environment (ASE) using the AzAPI provider.

## Features

- Configures a custom DNS suffix for all sites deployed on the ASE
- Integrates with Azure Key Vault for SSL/TLS certificate management
- Supports user-assigned managed identity for Key Vault access

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_certificate_url"></a> [certificate\_url](#input\_certificate\_url)

Description: The URL referencing the Azure Key Vault certificate secret that should be used as the default SSL/TLS certificate for sites with the custom domain suffix.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_dns_suffix"></a> [dns\_suffix](#input\_dns\_suffix)

Description: The default custom domain suffix to use for all sites deployed on the App Service Environment (ASE).

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_hosting_environment_id"></a> [hosting\_environment\_id](#input\_hosting\_environment\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the App Service Environment (ASE) to configure.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_key_vault_reference_identity"></a> [key\_vault\_reference\_identity](#input\_key\_vault\_reference\_identity)

Description: The user-assigned identity to use for resolving the key vault certificate reference. If not specified, the system-assigned ASE identity will be used if available.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kind"></a> [kind](#input\_kind)

Description: Kind of resource.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_retry"></a> [retry](#input\_retry)

Description:   Retry configuration for transient errors. The following properties can be specified:

  - `error_message_regex` - (Optional) A list of regular expressions to match against error messages.
  - `interval_seconds` - (Optional) The initial interval in seconds between retries.
  - `max_interval_seconds` - (Optional) The maximum interval in seconds between retries.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    error_message_regex  = optional(list(string), null)
    interval_seconds     = optional(number, null)
    max_interval_seconds = optional(number, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: Timeouts for resource operations.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, "30m")
    delete = optional(string, "30m")
    read   = optional(string, "5m")
    update = optional(string, "30m")
  })
```

Default: `{}`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the custom DNS suffix configuration.

### <a name="output_provisioning_details"></a> [provisioning\_details](#output\_provisioning\_details)

Description: The provisioning details of the custom DNS suffix configuration.

### <a name="output_provisioning_state"></a> [provisioning\_state](#output\_provisioning\_state)

Description: The provisioning state of the custom DNS suffix configuration.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the custom DNS suffix configuration.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- BEGIN\_TF\_DOCS -->
<!-- END\_TF\_DOCS -->
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->