<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Multi-Role Pool (Front-End Pool)

This submodule manages the multi-role pool (front-end pool) for an App Service Environment using the AzAPI provider.

> **Note:** This resource is primarily used for ASEv1/v2. ASEv3 manages front-end pools internally and this resource may not be applicable.

## Features

- Configures the front-end pool compute mode
- Sets worker count and size
- Supports SKU configuration for scaling

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_hosting_environment_id"></a> [hosting\_environment\_id](#input\_hosting\_environment\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the hosting environment (App Service Environment) to configure.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_compute_mode"></a> [compute\_mode](#input\_compute\_mode)

Description: Shared or dedicated app hosting. Possible values are 'Dedicated', 'Dynamic', or 'Shared'.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kind"></a> [kind](#input\_kind)

Description: Kind of resource.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_sku"></a> [sku](#input\_sku)

Description:   Description of a SKU for a scalable resource. The following properties can be specified:

  - `capabilities` - (Optional) Capabilities of the SKU.
    - `name` - Name of the SKU capability.
    - `reason` - Reason of the SKU capability.
    - `value` - Value of the SKU capability.
  - `capacity` - (Optional) Current number of instances assigned to the resource.
  - `family` - (Optional) Family code of the resource SKU.
  - `locations` - (Optional) Locations of the SKU.
  - `name` - (Optional) Name of the resource SKU.
  - `size` - (Optional) Size specifier of the resource SKU.
  - `sku_capacity` - (Optional) Min, max, and default scale values of the SKU.
    - `default` - Default number of workers for this App Service plan SKU.
    - `elastic_maximum` - Maximum number of Elastic workers for this App Service plan SKU.
    - `maximum` - Maximum number of workers for this App Service plan SKU.
    - `minimum` - Minimum number of workers for this App Service plan SKU.
    - `scale_type` - Available scale configurations for an App Service plan.
  - `tier` - (Optional) Service tier of the resource SKU.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    capabilities = optional(list(object({
      name   = optional(string, null)
      reason = optional(string, null)
      value  = optional(string, null)
    })), null)
    capacity  = optional(number, null)
    family    = optional(string, null)
    locations = optional(list(string), null)
    name      = optional(string, null)
    size      = optional(string, null)
    sku_capacity = optional(object({
      default         = optional(number, null)
      elastic_maximum = optional(number, null)
      maximum         = optional(number, null)
      minimum         = optional(number, null)
      scale_type      = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tier = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_worker_count"></a> [worker\_count](#input\_worker\_count)

Description: Number of instances in the worker pool.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_worker_size"></a> [worker\_size](#input\_worker\_size)

Description: VM size of the worker pool instances.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_worker_size_id"></a> [worker\_size\_id](#input\_worker\_size\_id)

Description: Worker size ID for referencing this worker pool.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_instance_names"></a> [instance\_names](#output\_instance\_names)

Description: The names of all instances in the multi-role pool.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the multi-role pool.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full resource object for the multi-role pool.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the multi-role pool.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- BEGIN\_TF\_DOCS -->
<!-- END\_TF\_DOCS -->
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->