<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Private Endpoint Connection

This submodule manages private endpoint connections for an App Service Environment (ASE) using the AzAPI provider.

## Features

- Creates and manages private endpoint connections on the ASE
- Supports approval/rejection of connection states
- Allows configuring custom IP addresses for the private endpoints

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_hosting_environment_id"></a> [hosting\_environment\_id](#input\_hosting\_environment\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the App Service Environment (ASE) to create the private endpoint connection in.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the private endpoint connection.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_ip_addresses"></a> [ip\_addresses](#input\_ip\_addresses)

Description: A list of IP addresses for the private endpoint.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_private_link_service_connection_state"></a> [private\_link\_service\_connection\_state](#input\_private\_link\_service\_connection\_state)

Description:   The state of the private link service connection. The following properties can be specified:

  - `actions_required` - (Optional) Actions required for the connection.
  - `description` - (Optional) A description of the connection.
  - `status` - (Optional) The status of the connection. Possible values are 'Approved', 'Pending', 'Rejected', 'Disconnected'. Defaults to 'Approved'.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    actions_required = optional(string, null)
    description      = optional(string, null)
    status           = optional(string, "Approved")
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_retry"></a> [retry](#input\_retry)

Description:   Retry configuration for transient errors. The following properties can be specified:

  - `error_message_regex` - (Optional) A list of regular expressions to match against error messages.
  - `interval_seconds` - (Optional) The initial interval in seconds between retries.
  - `max_interval_seconds` - (Optional) The maximum interval in seconds between retries.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    error_message_regex  = optional(list(string), null)
    interval_seconds     = optional(number, null)
    max_interval_seconds = optional(number, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: Timeouts for resource operations.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, "30m")
    delete = optional(string, "30m")
    read   = optional(string, "5m")
    update = optional(string, "30m")
  })
```

Default: `{}`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the private endpoint connection.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the private endpoint connection.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- BEGIN\_TF\_DOCS -->
<!-- END\_TF\_DOCS -->
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->