<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Custom DNS Suffix Configuration Sub-module

This sub-module configures a custom DNS suffix for an App Service Environment (ASE) using the `Microsoft.Web/hostingEnvironments/configurations` API with the `customdnssuffix` configuration name.

This property is read-only at ASE create time and must be applied separately via an update.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_update_resource.custom_dns_suffix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/update_resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_certificate_url"></a> [certificate\_url](#input\_certificate\_url)

Description: The URL referencing the Azure Key Vault certificate secret that should be used as the default SSL/TLS certificate for sites with the custom domain suffix.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_dns_suffix"></a> [dns\_suffix](#input\_dns\_suffix)

Description: The default custom domain suffix to use for all sites deployed on the ASE.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_hosting_environment_resource_id"></a> [hosting\_environment\_resource\_id](#input\_hosting\_environment\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the App Service Environment (ASE) to configure the custom DNS suffix for.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_key_vault_reference_identity"></a> [key\_vault\_reference\_identity](#input\_key\_vault\_reference\_identity)

Description: The user-assigned identity to use for resolving the key vault certificate reference. If not specified, the system-assigned ASE identity will be used if available.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_certificate_url"></a> [certificate\_url](#output\_certificate\_url)

Description: The URL of the certificate used for the custom DNS suffix.

### <a name="output_dns_suffix"></a> [dns\_suffix](#output\_dns\_suffix)

Description: The custom DNS suffix applied to the ASE.

### <a name="output_key_vault_reference_identity"></a> [key\_vault\_reference\_identity](#output\_key\_vault\_reference\_identity)

Description: The identity used for resolving the key vault certificate reference.

### <a name="output_provisioning_state"></a> [provisioning\_state](#output\_provisioning\_state)

Description: The provisioning state of the custom DNS suffix configuration.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the custom DNS suffix configuration.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->