<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Networking Configuration Sub-module

This sub-module configures the networking settings for an App Service Environment (ASE) using the `Microsoft.Web/hostingEnvironments/configurations` API with the `networking` configuration name.

These properties are read-only at ASE create time and must be applied separately via an update.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_update_resource.networking](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/update_resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_hosting_environment_resource_id"></a> [hosting\_environment\_resource\_id](#input\_hosting\_environment\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the App Service Environment (ASE) to configure networking for.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_allow_new_private_endpoint_connections"></a> [allow\_new\_private\_endpoint\_connections](#input\_allow\_new\_private\_endpoint\_connections)

Description: Enable new private endpoint connection creation on the App Service Environment (ASE). Defaults to true.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_ftp_enabled"></a> [ftp\_enabled](#input\_ftp\_enabled)

Description: Enable FTP on the App Service Environment (ASE). Defaults to false.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_remote_debug_enabled"></a> [remote\_debug\_enabled](#input\_remote\_debug\_enabled)

Description: Enable Remote Debug on the App Service Environment (ASE).

Type: `bool`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_allow_new_private_endpoint_connections"></a> [allow\_new\_private\_endpoint\_connections](#output\_allow\_new\_private\_endpoint\_connections)

Description: Whether new private endpoint connections are allowed.

### <a name="output_external_inbound_ip_addresses"></a> [external\_inbound\_ip\_addresses](#output\_external\_inbound\_ip\_addresses)

Description: The external inbound IP addresses of the App Service Environment (ASE).

### <a name="output_ftp_enabled"></a> [ftp\_enabled](#output\_ftp\_enabled)

Description: Whether FTP is enabled.

### <a name="output_internal_inbound_ip_addresses"></a> [internal\_inbound\_ip\_addresses](#output\_internal\_inbound\_ip\_addresses)

Description: The internal inbound IP addresses of the App Service Environment (ASE).

### <a name="output_linux_outbound_ip_addresses"></a> [linux\_outbound\_ip\_addresses](#output\_linux\_outbound\_ip\_addresses)

Description: The Linux outbound IP addresses of the App Service Environment (ASE).

### <a name="output_remote_debug_enabled"></a> [remote\_debug\_enabled](#output\_remote\_debug\_enabled)

Description: Whether remote debug is enabled.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the networking configuration.

### <a name="output_windows_outbound_ip_addresses"></a> [windows\_outbound\_ip\_addresses](#output\_windows\_outbound\_ip\_addresses)

Description: The Windows outbound IP addresses of the App Service Environment (ASE).

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->